character_roms/README.md, before:

# Character Generator ROMS

The following files were taken from the Apple II Documentation Project:
* Videx Videoterm Character ROM APL.bin
* Videx Videoterm Character ROM Epson.bin
* Videx Videoterm Character ROM French.bin
* Videx Videoterm Character ROM German.bin
* Videx Videoterm Character ROM Inverse.bin
* Videx Videoterm Character ROM Katakana.bin
* Videx Videoterm Character ROM Normal Uppercase.bin
* Videx Videoterm Character ROM Normal.bin
* Videx Videoterm Character ROM Spanish.bin
* Videx Videoterm Character ROM Super and Subscript.bin
* Videx Videoterm Character ROM Symbol.bin

Where they were accompanied by the following text:
>==Videx Videoterm Fonts==
>
>The binary font files in this folder were created from screenshots of the scanned Videx Videoterm manual.
>
>Most care was taken to verify them by comparing them overlaid to said screenshots.
>
>The only font that is not 100% accurate is the symbol font, as some characters were not correctly visible.
>
>Marc S. Ressl.-
>mressl@...

However the "Symbol" image appears to be entirely corrupted.

Identically named files can be found elsewhere, such as mirrors of ftp.apple.asimov.net, however some of the files are different.

Commit message:

add "Videx Videoterm Character ROM Graphics.bin"

character_roms/README.md, after:

# Character Generator ROMS

The following files were taken from the Apple II Documentation Project:
* Videx Videoterm Character ROM APL.bin
* Videx Videoterm Character ROM Epson.bin
* Videx Videoterm Character ROM French.bin
* Videx Videoterm Character ROM German.bin
* Videx Videoterm Character ROM Inverse.bin
* Videx Videoterm Character ROM Katakana.bin
* Videx Videoterm Character ROM Normal Uppercase.bin
* Videx Videoterm Character ROM Normal.bin
* Videx Videoterm Character ROM Spanish.bin
* Videx Videoterm Character ROM Super and Subscript.bin
* Videx Videoterm Character ROM Symbol.bin

Where they were accompanied by the following text:
>==Videx Videoterm Fonts==
>
>The binary font files in this folder were created from screenshots of the scanned Videx Videoterm manual.
>
>Most care was taken to verify them by comparing them overlaid to said screenshots.
>
>The only font that is not 100% accurate is the symbol font, as some characters were not correctly visible.
>
>Marc S. Ressl.-
>mressl@...

However the "Symbol" image appears to be entirely corrupted.

Identically named files can be found elsewhere, such as mirrors of 
ftp.apple.asimov.net, however some of the files are different.

The file:
* Videx Videoterm Character ROM Graphics.bin
was taken from a mirror of ftp.apple.asimov.net, and it appears to be the 
"Line Drawing Character Set" listed as Figure 5 in the manual, though it 
also contains Japanese characters and the placements don't seem to 
correspond with those in the manual.
